unbelievable that's so good he said yeah
you've earned the right to shows he
could play and first thing i did was i
excuse myself and i went into the
bathroom i threw up for about 20 minutes
congratulations Liberty University for
the way you are literally touching and
changing the world you guys do this
three times a week three times a week
seriously just standing back here for
worship you guys are so lucky i wish i
had this i feel uneasy if i had this in
college it would have been rich my life
so much so you guys are really fortunate
to be here liberty university is is such
a beacon of light it's such a source of
hope even for me as a dad if you want to
write a story that will change the world
you will love well and you will laugh
often
I we're gonna do the thing that you do
in church at least I did growing up in
church everybody finds somebody you
don't know find two people you don't
know introduce yourself go what a
privilege what a privilege to stand here
and seeing these songs amazing thank you
so much for having us I grew up going to
young life and I'm from born and raised
in Nashville Tennessee all right all
right this is such a blessing to me that
y'all found a little manchild my height
it is necessary for you to real realize
that you cannot continue to make the
same mistakes of those that came before
you because we need you to realize it is
a powerful opportunity to start all over
again if you would listen if you would
listen for the voice in the voice I'm
telling you I believe that there is a
revolution that could happen in the
hearts of every single one e if you
would have it it's just crazy how God
can take crazy things and turn them in
there's something really beautiful the
linebacker picks the ball off and I
chased him as 100 degrees in Tuscaloosa
he brought pants and I understand that
chased him and catch him on the one-yard
line to find out that the play was blown
dead 50 yards ago it's not the speck of
sand in your shoe that stops you from
running a sprint but in a marathon it
will destroy you so it's paying
attention to those really little things
in your life you can't let those things
go on check if I really am God and I
really did create you to know me and
would you be willing to step into a
place with me that you would just let go
of your future of your plans and of your
life and say God whatever you have in
mind for me that's what I want to be a
part of
you